NASHVILLE_DATA.md, before:

#Nashville Data
####Angular, APIs, and Charts

This project queries a open dataset from [data.Nashville.gov](data.nashville.gov) and creates a chart and a list view.

------
###Setup
```
mkdir -p ~/workspace/exercises/rich-browser/nashvilledata && cd $_
```

Your basic file structure should look like this:
```
index.html
app
--app.js
--homeController.js
--chartController.js
--listController.js
--apiFactory.js
scripts
--angular.js
--ng-google-chart.js **
stylesheets
--main.css
views
--chart.html
--list.html
```
** ng-google-chart.js can be found [here](http://angular-google-chart.github.io/angular-google-chart/docs/latest/guides/getting-started/).

------
###Instructions

1. Your app must use angular
3. Use angular routing to navigate between the partial views
2. Create an angular factory (apiFactory) that uses $http to call for the json located at https://data.nashville.gov/resource/8zc7-2afq.json
3. In your chartController, use the json from the apiFactory and reformat it so that each contact_type and the number of resources of that contact_type can be fed into the addChartRows function
4. In your list.html and listController.js, you will make a list of all of the resources and the contact info from the json from the apiFactory.

####chart.html
```html
<!--add this line to create your chart-->
<div class="chart" google-chart chart="chartObject"></div> 
```

####app.js
```js
//be sure to add the google chart directive to the app in the initial declaration
var app = angular.module('nashvilleChart', ['googlechart']); 
```
####chartController.js
Include this code in your chartController and use the addChartRow function to add rows to the chart. 
```js
function addChartRow (nameOfContactType, numberOfProviders){
    var chartDatum = {
        c: [
            { v: nameOfService },
            { v: numberOfProviders }
        ]
    };
    $scope.chartObject.data.rows.push(chartDatum);
}

$scope.chartObject = {
	type: "BarChart",
	data: {
        "cols": [
            { id: "t", label: "Type of Service", type: "string" },
            { id: "s", label: "Number of Providers", type: "number" }
        ], "rows": [] //You'll be adding the rows with addChartRow
    },
    options: {
        title: "Nashville Services"
    }
}
```

------
###Notes

 - This chart is powered by [Angular Google Chart](https://github.com/angular-google-chart/angular-google-chart/)

Commit message:

General clean up of format and re-wording the requirement to be less specific about *how* and just focus on *what* to do.

NASHVILLE_DATA.md, after:

#Nashville Data

##Angular, APIs, and Charts

For this project, you must use Angular, and the [Angular Google Chart](http://angular-google-chart.github.io/angular-google-chart/docs/latest/guides/getting-started/) library to create a chart based on data from [data.Nashville.gov](data.nashville.gov).

------
###Setup
```
mkdir -p ~/workspace/exercises/rich-browser/nashvilledata && cd $_
```

Use *npm* to install Angular and charting library.

```bash
npm install angular angular-route angular-google-chart@0.1.0 --save
```

------
###Instructions

1. Use Angular routing to create two partials for the application.
    1. A chart partial that shows [**Kate**: fill in the blank here. Be specific.]
    1. A list partial that shows [**Kate**: fill in the blank here. Be specific.]
1. Create a factory that uses the `$http` module in Angular to retrieve the JSON located at https://data.nashville.gov/resource/8zc7-2afq.json
1. In a controller, use the JSON from the factory and reformat it so that each `contact_type` and the number of resources of that contact_type can be fed into the addChartRows function.
1. In your list.html and listController.js, you will make a list of all of the resources and the contact info from the json from the apiFactory.

##### Example chart partial

```html
<!--add this line to create your chart-->
<div class="chart" google-chart chart="chartObject"></div> 
```

##### Example `app.js`

```js
// Be sure to add the google chart directive to the app in the initial declaration
var NashvilleChart = angular.module('nashvilleChart', ['googlechart']); 
```

##### Example controller

```js
function addChartRow (nameOfContactType, numberOfProviders){
    var chartDatum = {
        c: [
            { v: nameOfService },
            { v: numberOfProviders }
        ]
    };
    $scope.chartObject.data.rows.push(chartDatum);
}

$scope.chartObject = {
	type: "BarChart",
	data: {
        "cols": [
            { id: "t", label: "Type of Service", type: "string" },
            { id: "s", label: "Number of Providers", type: "number" }
        ], "rows": [] //You'll be adding the rows with addChartRow
    },
    options: {
        title: "Nashville Services"
    }
}
```
